We were serving in a small town in Alberta,
and then we began having children.
When we moved to Craig, we had four children,
and after living here, we now have nine children.
You're given this trust, and so as a parent,
you need to put the kingdom first.
You need to set a good example.
You need to be at the meetings.
You need to be regular in field service.
We really believed that we needed to love Jehovah first
in order to be a good example to our children.
They helped us see that what would make us happy
were spiritual things.
My parents more in action than in words
taught us to seek first the kingdom.
With nine kids, it's always going to be hectic.
You have extra children. You have more excuses, perhaps.
Having nine children is a challenge in a million ways.
And yet, yeah, she had moments where she'd sit in her rocking chair
and just look so exhausted.
I remember one time when it was time to go to the meeting,
but I was so exhausted, and I thought of Isaiah 40,
where Jehovah says that those hoping and Jehovah will regain power.
So I figured, Jehovah wants me to do it.
She's going to make me strong enough to do this, so I prayed,
and I got ready.
It's a scramble.
In Hebrews, we see the encouragement to never forsake
our meeting together.
My dad always spoke of that.
There was a time that we had to travel in the winter time
maybe up to two hours to get to the meeting.
You'd come back to your home late at night
with all these kids that are worn out in yourself too.
Seeing the importance that they placed on the meetings,
I was able to see that you never take meetings for granted.
My parents always instilled in us the consistency
with service just like meetings.
It just was what we did.
That wasn't a question that we got up on Saturday morning
and we got ourselves out the door and in service.
We couldn't simply just be backseat ornament.
We knew that we were there to give a witness.
From an early age, we were really following the example
of our parents in showing interest in people.
So because of that, we enjoyed being in the ministry.
It gave me a sense of purpose.
I had people to go visit and service.
I had to know what I was going to talk to them about
and have a plan.
In field service, we would often take breaks
for the sake of the children and ourselves.
It was important to have our children enjoy field service,
not push them hard and be too rigid and so forth.
I think about Proverbs 22 verse 6
and the Bindington translation,
where it says to give a boy the start his course requires.
They did that by putting the spiritual things
before the material things.
Java helped us to be the best parents we could be.
We failed at times, but I always knew that Java was the best parent.
So if we could teach them to love him, then he would take over.
Well, we as a family were successful
because we did have Jehovah in our lives.
All our children were doing very well in the truth,
and so we're very happy about that,
and I'm sure it makes Jehovah happy.